Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, good morning.
Good morning.
Nick Graham: Morning.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can, I can hear you. Great. How about how. How's the audio and video
Nick Graham: Audio is good. Yeah. I went down to my office and someone there. So I can't
Nick Graham: Make it work in my card.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work with what we got. No worries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today is at least in part an opportunity about once a month to review goals and see with them so
Sometimes that can take
Gwenevere Abriel: So I did add to no one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
It was a little new
Gwenevere Abriel: Which was to
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh wait till you're set their
Gwenevere Abriel: Time, it's worth it to just take your time. Because once it's you can kind of prop me up in their
Nick Graham: creative ways to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, I have a client that keeps a clear tape is kind of clear it's not duct tape. But it's also really sticky. It's almost like packing tape. She keeps it in our car.
Nick Graham: And then sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: He creates these bilateral things that hang
Gwenevere Abriel: Next to the
Gwenevere Abriel: divisor advisor and she can put the phone and prop it up and make things sticky. Anyway, she just kind of keeps you
Nick Graham: See, I think, I think that would be pretty good so
Nick Graham: Let's see if I can make it work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we may not even get to the
BIOS
Gwenevere Abriel: No worries mean you you've been doing some pretty intense work.
Gwenevere Abriel: To check in. Today I'm so right around that topic. One of the things that you identified that you wanted to
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a goal was, I want to better regulate extreme emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, and
Gwenevere Abriel: A way to do that right away to sort of say, let's put in motion a task is increased frequency of using emotional regulation skills from three times a day to five well
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: On the 18th, you had
Gwenevere Abriel: A concern of sad that was something you mentioned, and I think I don't know, with one time in the past that you had had some sadness, where you had done some of the emotional regulation skills.
Nick Graham: On. Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: But why don't you can update me on just these last seven days, whether you have
Gwenevere Abriel: To remember because you've had some real challenges with the fast.
Nick Graham: In the last week one in my car and
Nick Graham: That was
Nick Graham: Pretty cool.
Yeah.
Nick Graham: Yeah, so it's been pretty cool. I was like,
Nick Graham: So,
Nick Graham: Yeah, it's been this week has been good.
Nick Graham: I haven't been going like having crazy, crazy emotional
Nick Graham: Breakdowns or anything like that. So it's been pretty good. The only concern that I'm going to have probably when I throw my phone out the window right now is I try to make this work. But besides that I've actually been
Nick Graham: Pretty well regulated, I would say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you certainly been tested.
Nick Graham: Right, it seems that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Had an opportunity which you did, um, do you kind of remember what you use to get through it.
Nick Graham: Yeah, so for me.
Nick Graham: The only really the one that seemed to have stuck his box breathing.
Nick Graham: Wow, so far that that works.
Nick Graham: That works pretty well.
Nick Graham: Jay, thanks. Kelly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so right stay right on that topic a little delay in the realize, so I keep talking over and I'm sorry about that. Um, when, after you do the box breathing. Well, first of all, you're remembering that that's great but then get into the cognitive piece, see if your shift.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where once. It could be, oh, you know, maybe something like, oh, the world is just keeps accumulating and it's never going to get any better. And this is so awful, look what just happened. I was burglarized again, right, because this is the third time I've heard it from you had the fight.
Nick Graham: You could
Gwenevere Abriel: classifies it you could really do that or. So what was your thinking that got you through it. So you didn't. Wipe yourself out.
Nick Graham: So,
Nick Graham: Trying to recall it because it's been, you know, a few days.
Nick Graham: I remember just like not being super faith in the first place like
Nick Graham: I got in. It was kind of like a
Nick Graham: Okay, so it's kind of thing, but not like, and I don't think I got like in that spiral.
Nick Graham: I don't, I don't like feel super attached to like stuff anyways, really. So that is really my bikes are the only thing that really impacted me so I don't really get that
Gwenevere Abriel: And that was already gone
Nick Graham: Yeah, exactly.
Nick Graham: They didn't get that. So that was a good thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've got a really good lock.
Nick Graham: Yeah, pretty much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, that's a good investment, where you live.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you used it sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: A value system you realized you know there's there's not a lot of attachment to material things that was
Gwenevere Abriel: You also
Gwenevere Abriel: Your bike is still very
Nick Graham: The bike.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have this sort of loose attachment to things maybe not sure if the bike is the stronger one but ok so you realize that
Gwenevere Abriel: And he did remember to do this breathing. Did you see any one around. You kind of lose in there. Cool.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I saw one of my roommates.
Nick Graham: freak out.
Nick Graham: Like pretty frequently and
Nick Graham: He just like getting angry. I was kind of like, hey, like, okay.
Nick Graham: We'll get it back, kind of thing.
Nick Graham: So,
Nick Graham: He was kind of losing it more than I was.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it like to see him doing that.
Nick Graham: Weird, you know, like watching people do that like when people do freak out. It's kind of weird to
Nick Graham: Like a weird thing to witness
Nick Graham: And I like kind of saw that like yes and issues like because I've seen him do it.
Nick Graham: Within it makes me think, Oh, that must be how I live kind of thing. Yeah. So yeah, I've actually been way better about that, like,
Nick Graham: I don't know if it's
Nick Graham: I don't know why, but like, I've even been talking to Sydney lately have been freaked out haven't gotten
Nick Graham: Any single moment where I lost my cool. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you had opportunities, things that you can say, Wow, this, this should really
Nick Graham: Yeah yeah like similar thing for that freaked me out. I was like, oh, it's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that. Do you like
Nick Graham: Yeah okay yeah I mean sometimes I feel like I'm not
Nick Graham: Gonna have enough emotion. You know, like, like enough like
Nick Graham: Happy I assume it's those about, you know, I don't know where maybe, but I feel like I don't
Nick Graham: Have
Nick Graham: A lot of
Nick Graham: Joy or
Nick Graham: Like happy emotions.
Nick Graham: Negative
Nick Graham: Emotions
Nick Graham: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you can tolerate that while you're going through this tapering and just realize that they'll all going to come back on board and the convenient part is if you keep doing all this hard work you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be able to meet those emotions with a different meaning you're going to be able to access more tools you're you're rehearsing these
Gwenevere Abriel: The skills that you're learning in here and I think you're going to not find them quite as
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, maybe. I mean, the goal is not as intense right
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say how many milligrams. Do you want because you had said I run a note actually on
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see. Which day
Gwenevere Abriel: It was February 13 start 5.5
Gwenevere Abriel: See to for growth, doubt, so you must have talked with the doc about a plan. Did you find yourself kind of not doing it or doing it. What, what's, what
Nick Graham: I mainly
Nick Graham: It's hard to
Nick Graham: Divide them up because they're so small, like completely accurate those, but they're like, pretty, pretty freaking close to the correct. Now it's like the difference between
Nick Graham: Breaking two and a half and taking two and three quarters, you know, that's like one of my and so it's kind of hard to measure that. But
Nick Graham: Besides that, like it's been
Nick Graham: Fine, I kind of get
Nick Graham: As I taper like them with Joseph
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you describe him.
Nick Graham: Yeah, like, for me, it's, it's usually like restlessness like
Nick Graham: Maybe a little irritability.
Nick Graham: There's
Nick Graham: Usually sleep problems, but that's it. Take that other thing whenever they ever give up.
Gwenevere Abriel: On it.
Nick Graham: Yeah and that helps a little bit with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so, um, how many days. Have you been at this 5.5 milligrams, which you say
Nick Graham: Like
Nick Graham: Maybe like
Gwenevere Abriel: It was posted
Gwenevere Abriel: On February 13 so if that was the case may be right at
Gwenevere Abriel: That'd be one, you write it two weeks, right now, is it possible you waited.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I think I might be a little bit behind.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me just put a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Note here today is to such to 720 will say at
Gwenevere Abriel: So in January. January six, not January 9 at seven milligrams, your, your goal. The but we were at a rate of going down one one milligram at a time and when I've been listening to people.
Gwenevere Abriel: This can be a sticky receptor moment right in this six for down to three, they could get kind of sticky and going half a milligram might be the way to go.
Nick Graham: So the truth you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Run your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now what we had set was by Monday, you'd be it too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but that's at that 1
Nick Graham: Million rock.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're, you're just fine. What we do is
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's good for you guys to see, oh, I think I'll just, I'll just say one is a small number. No one milligram of Suboxone think is I think it's 20 milligrams of morphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like an insane amount of analgesic medicine. So it's not a joke. So I know your emotions are you doing this, this little thing you're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: But it matters.
Gwenevere Abriel: As best you can to try and get that right, because it's when you add it back on that that little straggler receptor that one that maybe if you'd gone through four days, and he would have finally reabsorb he's going to stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you keep going up and down on on the dose. He's going to stay and be looking for an opiate and be giving you a hard time with restless leg hot, cold sweats runny nose, sneezing,
Gwenevere Abriel: So we really do try if you can make
Gwenevere Abriel: over a weekend or something, I don't know.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Nick Graham: I'm not sure if they make one milligram tablets. Do you happen to know if they do.
Nick Graham: They do up
Gwenevere Abriel: I can ask
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me ask right now. I'll send a little message to her Shane are not awake yet but um
Do
Gwenevere Abriel: They make and what are you taking. Is it some box on the brand name.
Nick Graham: No, I'm not taking the tablets, because
Nick Graham: They just work way better. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on. Is it. Do you know the name on the package is that Dr. Reddy, is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh shoot, starts with an M and had my little words. It's been a while since I
Nick Graham: Know that they come in like these little pink pills.
Nick Graham: Little
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no, they
Nick Graham: Don't they come in a
Nick Graham: Like like dispense like in fills in a pill bottle from the pharmacy like
Nick Graham: Like
Nick Graham: Like they come in like a bottle like this.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll stand us okay anyway so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just saying recording message do you do they make one milligram tablets. He's having a hard time getting
Gwenevere Abriel: Exact
Gwenevere Abriel: milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: Portion when
Cutting
Gwenevere Abriel: Tablets.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know she'll say, you know, go get the tiny little milligrams scale saying, and then you get this little tiny spoon thing and you know
Nick Graham: Do you really want my scale.
Nick Graham: By skill must not be sensitive enough because that's what i. That's what I was doing with the larger ones. It was
Nick Graham: Easier to do. So I think that I probably couldn't get any more sensitive scale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you can because this might be a nice or smoother ride. Nobody's coming months.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you might be celebrating your success more frequently.
Nick Graham: You're going to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, look at me. I've heard weeks I feel good. I feel good. I remember. Oh, and my mind feels sharper. I like this versus week after week, you might keep coming back to me that that those withdrawal might be there. That's my concern, so I just want to make sure if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: To get a good accurate scale what just curious. I can't remember where we left off. I wasn't sure if
Gwenevere Abriel: You have remind me because I do get there's a lot going on with people's insurance. Um, are you feeling like they're that your insurance, there's something you can do to try and get them to
Nick Graham: Get I
Nick Graham: Spoke with billing that that person told me
Nick Graham: That they're basically they were billing guys as if we were a brick and mortar.
Like
Nick Graham: Place. And because we don't make this
Nick Graham: We only exist online. It's not covered, but they're putting in some kind of requests to see if they can be covered.
Nick Graham: It was really confusing. I need to read the email again. But that's what I got from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and was the author of that email Krista beginning
Nick Graham: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Good. Very bright
Nick Graham: Yeah, they seem to
Nick Graham: Know what she's talking about. It was
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I
Nick Graham: Will I will let her do with it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. All right. So, but let's not not go too far away from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I don't want you overwhelmed with with a bill in here. So just, just stay on top of it. Okay, let's keep going. I made some notes around the better regulation, you're definitely remembering
Gwenevere Abriel: The I've been recently calling it belly breathing, because that's the mechanism of the Vegas nerve.
Gwenevere Abriel: The parasympathetic nervous system getting activated. So I kind of been focusing on that phrasing better so people remember that it's that balloon belly. That's really making the difference. I'm calling it belly breathing. So people remember
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, if you forget the timing. If you forget the nose. Inhale, all that is like fancy and fantastic and an add on but skipping the belly part, you might miss being able to regulate
No, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotta go in here. You can't keep because that's what we do when we're in distress. That's what we do when we're going to throw blows run a mile. Okay, that's what we do when we're activated. So we've got to get that air down to the bottom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the long press that viscera activate that Vegas nerve send the message to the brain and contradiction that there's a threat. No we're not. We've got to activate that so I'm sorry to call it belly breath so people can remember it in the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh dear. Well, it's gonna work a lot better when you push that belly out
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so let's see. And it's so hard. Remember, it's going to take concentration, you'll get your mind off of whatever sort of spiral or rumination you got going on. They'll help you bring back to the present in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to touch on another one which has to do with spirituality. Remember how you define it.
Gwenevere Abriel: By heart has you guys do these brief addiction monitor surveys, the BAMs, and you have been putting I think
Gwenevere Abriel: A to write it helps moderately I think as a to
Gwenevere Abriel: Has that has the Neil moved on that. Have you been delving more into spirituality last like when
Nick Graham: I was like,
Nick Graham: Oh, and for a little bit like
Nick Graham: And then kind of
Nick Graham: Fallen, I would say like think the level of like
Nick Graham: What, like I feel God has an impact on data. I mean,
Nick Graham: I would probably say
Nick Graham: It like moderately
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, if they're
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but, but it's not a waste of time. I don't seem to to look at it to say, Where's Where's my focus then
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's look a little bit at the getting out into nature for you. There's been sort of sometimes you were getting up and making sure those hikes were happening over the last seven days. How many times have you actually gotten out into nature on a real intentional way.
Nick Graham: Yeah, the last seven days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nick Graham: I don't think
Nick Graham: I only think once, but before that I was doing. I've been doing really well, but we've been doing these campus visits, where we have to go recruit. So I've been working like ridiculous days lately.
Nick Graham: So I'm like, even more than normal. And then there were like three days that I was like, Screw it. I need to train my dog, and I didn't go so we're going on a hike data diverse dog that I've done on so
Gwenevere Abriel: What's
Nick Graham: Your question 00 days, seven days. I feel like shit about it.
Nick Graham: You will
Gwenevere Abriel: Not do not know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That be a win if you were neglecting another priority. You have a new
Gwenevere Abriel: EP already. That's okay. You're going to learn how to balance it you're doing it, you're bringing the dog and you're going to go hiking you're learning
Gwenevere Abriel: How to modulate your like life is going to continue to have competing priorities, how will I manage it. What's, what's your dog's name.
Nick Graham: Is David, same way
Nick Graham: Once
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, Sam wise.
Nick Graham: And white. Yeah. So if you've ever seen Lord of the Rings, like the the name for this, the trustee best random
Nick Graham: Main character Sam wise like them.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, and your training. He's just how many months old.
Nick Graham: For or
Nick Graham: Do anything about it because the perfect room. You know, like that little exercise that we did it had a dog in it.
Nick Graham: Like that.
Nick Graham: I need to do that, you know, like
Gwenevere Abriel: That's wonderful. Oh, you get to you get to go see him checking out nature walking around. Where are you headed to today.
Nick Graham: To the mountain.
Nick Graham: Make them wear whatever. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any snow on the ground.
Nick Graham: A little bit, yeah. Not a whole lot though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so, yeah, no, no, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: These are your goals.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's, there's, I mean, I know you're being playful.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you've got to pay close attention to where some of our sarcasm conduct can have that more. So the truth. You know that little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: I I review them because that's kind of good practice been doing this stuff for a long time, we were film every month. That's just what I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they're your goals you look at them and you say you get to decide, by the way, whether you've reached him or not. Look what your goal is. It's actually, I would like to be out in nature more often.
Gwenevere Abriel: The only, the only objective of this was climbing identify challenges and barriers currently to engaging and more physical activity and you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you've been able to identify. So if we wanted to, we could actually put achieved on this. So you've got that like it's handled. We can set more can set different ones ones that are more relevant. We could do that right now, what would you like to do
Nick Graham: Think
Nick Graham: I think I would like to
Nick Graham: Good question.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I mean,
Nick Graham: I want to finish my education. Okay. I think that
Nick Graham: Maybe something along this line.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me put achieved on this one. Okay. Because you did you wanted it more often.
And prior to
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a huge commitment. You just made with this was, yeah.
Nick Graham: I did that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me let me catch up to you. Now they're coming at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me just end something about losing weight. So let me just get down here and put that create a new section here for achieve goals. Okay, achieved.
Goals, right. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's a common one right as as you start to shift from this is what I don't want to do. I don't want to. I don't want to. Now it gets exciting as you turn towards what you do wanna and you're thinking, I want to go back to school. Okay, so that's that's the big goal I
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to go back to school now small step that can be done in 30 days might even be a micro step. It's a call today. It's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Go online look at three things, you know, those are micro steps. And those are what's going to get you there. So for now, what would be one step you can take either this week, or over the next 30 days.
Nick Graham: You need to fill out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What school is this with
Nick Graham: With you in your University of New Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's, what's the fill out them what
Nick Graham: Oh, the FAFSA application for
Nick Graham: determining eligibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it now. Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have to go to campus dia dia download it online. What do you do
Nick Graham: It done online. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you know, right where it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now when you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a constraint, you know, you have to be at work at a certain time or you're going to catch some some flak or maybe get fired by constraints are useful, you might find him on the front hand and annoying, but they they will help you right prevent procrastination. So go inside yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And check and see
Gwenevere Abriel: where that line is between it's not so far out that I'm just making excuses. It's also not like in the next 20 minutes that's really too soon, I'm already doing something. See if you can find out when you can fill this out.
Nick Graham: Probably
Nick Graham: Sunday, but I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is March 1. Okay, got it.
What
Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Evidenced by where's that on
Gwenevere Abriel: Forever in a
Copy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Paste. Okay. Fabulous. I spelled it be a s like Sam F like financial aid like aid.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's the eligibility eligibility document UNAM need to fill out the FAFSA online by three one, as evidenced by and you'll you'll tell us when you've done it more than welcome to text me and brag about it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, next one. So I always worry
Gwenevere Abriel: Or when people say, I want to lose weight.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the reason is because sometimes the reason for it is not one that comes from
Gwenevere Abriel: A psychological well being a self esteem. Well, being placed like the intent behind it can sometimes. So it's hard for me, doesn't matter. It's not my goal. You can set whatever you want, but I'm transparent, I say things out loud. I tell you what I'm thinking.
Nick Graham: And so much and
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is many years of hearing people say that that that's what they want. But why do you want to lose weight.
Nick Graham: Definitely comes from body dysmorphia like and feeling like like shit about the way that I'm at now. So that's like one of them.
Nick Graham: Like whatever reason. Like, I also know that when I'm at like this this way to do hundred pounds like that. That's like where I in my recollection have felt the best in terms of like feeling because like
Nick Graham: Yes, I think, losing weight.
Nick Graham: Is the thing that everyone feels like they always have to do and it's bad.
Nick Graham: I'm also trying to think like I do remember being really happy at a, at a lower weight like because I just felt like muscle. Every time I run. I get shin splints now because I'm carrying an extra 30 pounds and
Nick Graham: Some weird stuff like that. So I don't know, like
Nick Graham: In my rational. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what if, what if we play with this a little bit. What if it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Increase other things. What if it's increase nutrient rich fruits and vegetables.
Gwenevere Abriel: Living, um, you know, non hormone meets you know where you're going to be spending, you know, it's more pricey, but this is this is the medicine. Your body needs right to run
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we say we're increasing this you might notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of weight loss as a byproduct of it.
Nick Graham: Maybe like
Nick Graham: They definitely don't eat like super healthy right now. I think that can be good exercise for like maybe five days a week or something like that. Those combined with results probably
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you already know about. I don't want to make any assumptions here and
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but when you say not eating healthy. Are you eating at fast food a five days.
Nick Graham: No, no, not as not as much like
Nick Graham: So let me think, if I didn't think about the last week 36 hours.
Nick Graham: I've not eat fast food at all really in the last week or so rarely more than a week.
Nick Graham: But I like
Nick Graham: Oh yeah, like the other day was broken a Little Caesars pizza over the course of two days, like, stuff like that. Like, like for people to basically
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so most people I don't know about most people I I you know I live in a sort of the suburb, it's a family oriented kind of place. And there was a pizza night.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's pretty sometimes you end up having a leftover so a couple times a
Gwenevere Abriel: Week pizza gets eaten its crust. It's red sauce. It's permission. It's mozzarella and if you eat the pepperoni, or maybe sausage or whatever is on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not catastrophic it's
Nick Graham: Yeah, with the ice cream is
Nick Graham: You know what, when I do my screen.
Nick Graham: Like
Nick Graham: Okay, like maybe twice.
Nick Graham: Twice a week probably too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so when you look in
Gwenevere Abriel: The index right of what a healthy weight is for you. What does it say you're healthy weight is
Nick Graham: It says like 186 which, as for my for my that's not proven to be like
Nick Graham: The chief who even at my leanest like I'm not that
Nick Graham: Like muscle mass, normal, so like
Nick Graham: I know that 200 is good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about sugar for a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you were going to
Gwenevere Abriel: minimize how much ice cream you are eating to me. Would you say it's twice a week, or would you minimize if you are telling me how much ice cream you were eating as five days a week.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I'm eating like maybe twice a week.
Nick Graham: Twice a week and I like almost throw up every time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, almost throw up. How much are you eating.
Nick Graham: Like, like it.
Nick Graham: Like this, like a cup thing like you know when you get like it.
Nick Graham: Belly like this size of this mason jar right here for the ice cream, kind of like an amount like probably
Nick Graham: Yeah, probably 12 ounces of ice cream. I would say
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a lot to me. And you're saying that you're almost throwing up
Nick Graham: Every time
Nick Graham: Every time I eat ice cream. I like
Nick Graham: I pretty much well i i probably also have, like, moreover, active like
Nick Graham: Stuff, I don't know, maybe like a stopping and I don't know. I felt a lot like not intentionally either like
Nick Graham: Sometimes, so when I eat ice cream. I like feel it and then sometimes all like just throw up a little bit in the toilet like like not a massive amount at a time. But like a little bit at a time.
Nick Graham: Definitely when I
Nick Graham: I probably go up like
Nick Graham: I just put an average like maybe once a week.
Nick Graham: So not a whole lot
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we're going to disagree. That's a lot.
That's a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Doctor, so you hear it ever when we are vomiting and we don't know why people end up in the emergency department. So when you say this is normal, it's that needle is really skewed.
Nick Graham: So Where's it coming from
Gwenevere Abriel: Where have you had this since childhood and someone said, Well, you're just not supposed to be, you know, really having milk, dairy,
Like
Nick Graham: That was like, it is generally associated with dairy, but I also like it when I overeat, and like I have a hard time like I've been trying to get better, but like
Nick Graham: I at one point in time. Like I said, I work out really hard. But then I eat a lot. I could eat like a whole like pizza and like a triple a burrito like so I don't really have that
Nick Graham: Like off switch. Sometimes, okay.
Okay.
Nick Graham: Yeah, so then I like sometimes I will literally to the point of like throwing up
Nick Graham: I got going along.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's that is binge. It's called binge eating right so you have any very technical word of body dysmorphia so
Gwenevere Abriel: You have some awareness of it, and definitely food is a substance that people can can have compulsivity around can really engage in addictive behavior with the same as a
Nick Graham: Substance, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yet gives you don't for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. And I think there's still a lot for us to learn around that gut brain access. But what I have learned so far has
Gwenevere Abriel: Truly just it's transformative. Once I really get when I sit there with that visual is that serotonin right that 90% of the serotonin receptors are in your gut that blows my mind that
Gwenevere Abriel: Is like
Gwenevere Abriel: Holy crap.
It's crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we know level right our brain is going to give us a little dopamine hit when we
Gwenevere Abriel: Write when we eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right when we solve a problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we feel this sort of love.
Gwenevere Abriel: And connection. We're going to have that. So it's for survival. So it's this balance of will. Am I just an animal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or because that's one part of the brain that's only one part that's that sort of sub cortical one, that one, that's your dog has
Gwenevere Abriel: On, but we also have other parts of our brain. And if you can bring those online course the belly breathing is a great way to start. And you can say, okay, this is where I use
Gwenevere Abriel: Although I'm going to get this immediate gratification. Does it meet my long term goals. What can I do, what am I list of two or three teeth things right now that I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I'm not behaving in a habitual addictive way I'm going to go eat some carrots. I'm going to go real quick. I'm just going to do some stretching. When I go pet the dog. I'm going to rub some lotion on my hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, we, you know, whatever. These are the list that we need to be developing
Gwenevere Abriel: You have that lived experience and you're making neuronal connections in your brain. I can have this thought and we don't know what it is yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Another lonely and sometimes there's so unconscious. They're so young, because you've got some early childhood stuff that has happened and for most people. It's right food is it's it's like an inner little hug. Right. It's a hug and side.
Nick Graham: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: We need a real hot, a sense of okay we need nurturing you need that feeling. So if we address the underlying need. Okay. Wait, what's really going on. Oh, I'm bored.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we've got to get right into a camp for what typically I'm bored. I realized it's kind of lonely and i and i and so habitual does the thought walk to the fridge happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: You like no that's where we got to interject. We got to get in there and be like, Okay, when I feel bored. This is what I'm going to do when I have
Gwenevere Abriel: When I don't even know how I feel. I'm going to go, no matter what. Just going to always pick up the dog. I'm going to give Sam was a little kg and I'm going to do some Watch a funny video, I'm going to do some reading whatever your
Gwenevere Abriel: Goals are. And over time, you're going to start to see. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have to be that first impulse. I can access right that different part of my brain, but it's not an easy thing to do, you have multiple addictive behavior, right, I mean, I get you. You're not alone. A lot of people do this and this one might have been with you a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long have you been doing this kind of
Nick Graham: Binge Eating which you said
Nick Graham: Oh, you're frozen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me okay
Nick Graham: Yeah, I would say, I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah, I can hear you but you're also
Nick Graham: Trying to turn off video
Nick Graham: So,
Nick Graham: I've been doing this as long as I
Nick Graham: Really
Nick Graham: Really the first are you able to hear me. I can hear me right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can if you want you can turn your video off for just a little bit to bring you up to speed, about
Nick Graham: Yeah, cool.
Nick Graham: All right, we're good now.
Nick Graham: As probably like
Nick Graham: Eight years older. So it was like yeah probably like eight years old and I look like smash.
Nick Graham: box of cookies. And I'm like, so the reason that I remember. Because I remember, like, like you said, it's just like
Nick Graham: I remember being rolling. I didn't understand it. Okay. Like, that's pretty safe to eat it. So it's like I might get really sick. But it tastes really good 7870 but doesn't like it really young, stuff like this is wrong and I'm still doing it. So yes, I've been doing that for a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you
Gwenevere Abriel: Had any treatment for this.
Nick Graham: Week. No. No. Okay. The only that I ever did was just when I work out as much as I hate basically that's like how I generally say like physically fit and it's just because I work out as much as I eat.
Nick Graham: So,
Nick Graham: Yeah, definitely not a, not a great thing. They're probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Know it's it's not this is you're describing some elements of right trying to control and that's what people do. They were either restricted or they are over exercising.
Gwenevere Abriel: But a real focus
Gwenevere Abriel: On
Gwenevere Abriel: The body shape and
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you've got a long history of this vomiting. Have you ever induced it
Or do you
Nick Graham: Know, never
Gwenevere Abriel: Any laxatives or anything like that.
Nick Graham: No, nothing like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Nick Graham: It's got to be a dairy thing like a dairy associated thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, okay, I'm with you on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's also still an awareness that
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe right the full piece of extra burrito and done it up is right. That's maybe access to you that that's access. Yes, there might be just concurrent thing going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: For now. Will you try on this phrase, just as an experiment.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you catch yourself and in habitual all my gosh I'm staring into this fridge or I immediately I'm already my car I'm driving somewhere to go get food right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, Doc, and think I can never get enough of what I don't need
Nick Graham: Yeah, I can never get an answer, but I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Write it on your hand write it everywhere. I can never
Nick Graham: Say that again. What do you think the next question is,
Gwenevere Abriel: The statement. I can never get enough of what I
Gwenevere Abriel: Thought. That's the next question.
Nick Graham: My head around the freezing crystal.
So,
Nick Graham: Yeah, so I'm trying to think of like times when I like well like be on my way home to work in the past is freaking Taco Bell every time in and then sometimes I'm like worn out from the day and I came here, go home and
Nick Graham: Not have much food in the fridge your stuff is talked about them. And so like I eat this nasty putrid garbage and then I feel like kind of full to the point of like feeling nauseous.
Nick Graham: You know, so it never is like a good Association. After I do it. So that's kind of what I'm thinking about, like, like it's pretty accurate.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this, watch this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll play it out over here. And then you see if there's some that one you used was more around exhausted and you don't have food already made it home and you
Gwenevere Abriel: Aren't right here and preparation. That's a task that you can get into really already
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready to go. That's just us going to
Gwenevere Abriel: This one that I'm bringing up has to do with the whole pizza.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking about you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: What watch
Gwenevere Abriel: I keep eating.
Gwenevere Abriel: I literally can never get enough of it. It will never be enough, because that's not what I need, what I needed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe if I was physically hungry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was fuel.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do need a carbohydrate. I need protein. I need fruits and vegetables. I need to make sure that might guide is healthy that gut biome we mess with it with the yucky burrito stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't care about your serotonin and cares about your GoFundMe it wants you to have short term little rush and you come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's not going to do it. Your, your gut health will give you Sarah tone and happiness that burrito will give you quick rush, but that's your reptilian stuff that's like
Nick Graham: Yeah, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to be tapping into this evolved brain, which is this is a pain in the ass to get to Whole Foods and to get the foods, wherever you get them you know sprouts, or whatever you go
Gwenevere Abriel: And with intention and deliberateness because this is the medicine. This is what the body wants its fuel. It's a very different relationship with food.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so watch if I eat a nutrient rich food. DO YOU KEEP YOU KEEP BRINGING IT IN NOW YOU EAT UNTIL YOUR STOMACH kind of expand a little bit and you're done, you're not going to keep eating a whole bunch of
Gwenevere Abriel: Whole grains, short, short, whole grain brown rice with a little bit of this a little bit, right, you're, you're going to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've had enough. Okay, you needed that you need fuel, you're done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sugar. Sugar, sugar, you don't need it but it tastes so good. You're getting the domain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your guts like stop and making you sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I say you can never get enough of what you don't need
Gwenevere Abriel: You might keep exercising, you didn't need all that exercise and keep doing it. It could be an alcohol. You didn't need that it's never going to be enough. It could be a toxic relationship that's not what you need. You could began
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it could be some people, it's a it's a pornography or it's a sex or it's a that's not you can never get enough of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd never will, because it's not what you needed what you needed was to take a second you've pulled over you, please, you're breathing, like what's that I can never get enough. What am I trying to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I never actually going to be satiated from eating this stuff at fast food, it will not say she ate.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you you don't know what that question was that second one. Once you really grow up with this this freezes, it's what do I really need right now. That's the question.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm lonely.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to feel this
Gwenevere Abriel: I text someone I call someone I write someone I hope my dog I spend time with myself, I create time I take a whole day off from work, because it's that important.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is not habitual for you. You don't have that mindset yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can never get enough of what you don't need
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it's it's it's a cool phrase. And once you really get it, you're like, Oh my gosh, I could catch myself doing excess things and I can use this to turn inward and find out what do I really want right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I fueling my body and my mind my spirit and my soul.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or did I just do that automatic thought because I've been doing it since eight because I didn't have. Right. I didn't have a caregiver there for me when I need it. I'm food has become that caregiver.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your relationship with food. I think may need to change. If you want to
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Nick Graham: I think so. I think I'm
Nick Graham: I'm trying to think about periods of time when I'm like
Nick Graham: I'd like gone like on my way to like some place to get food. And I'm like, it's like the same takeover is like when I was going to get high. Like, you know,
Nick Graham: Like, just like the feeling when making I was, I remember at times being like you at first, you're like wait, I shouldn't do this. And then you rationalize it then you're doing and you're like, fuck it.
Nick Graham: Yeah, you know, so I've definitely felt that so I could
Nick Graham: I could like, I definitely get that I think
Nick Graham: Yeah, yeah. I get that. Okay.
Nick Graham: That's all good gut health. Yeah, I think gut health is a good. I think that's a very a lot about that, I'd like to learn more about gut health
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that now. That's an increase. That's a I can increase information. There's no I don't even have to make a behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just increase my knowledge that can be a task. Right. That has to do is, I'm not going to do something impulsively. I'm going to gather information. I'm going to learn more. And we'll see. But it's an investment understanding of how to have a change relationship with food.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that is not to say that
Gwenevere Abriel: like ice cream and pizza. Thanks, that are salty.
Gwenevere Abriel: shimmery high fat right there's there's a great reward. That's like dope. I mean stuff going on and but everything kind of like moderation.
Gwenevere Abriel: The problem that it's not a
Gwenevere Abriel: body is telling you
Gwenevere Abriel: For
Nick Graham: Really long time
Gwenevere Abriel: Knock it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're ignoring it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a long
Gwenevere Abriel: TV, you do need to see a new nutritionist or see a primary care person and find out if maybe you are lactose intolerant. I don't know. Maybe that's worth also checking out
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Oh goodness me, um, let me check on a couple more things down here. Um,
This one's 5.5 to 2728
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to give her an individual. Okay, more connections with people going through the same thing. So that's a goal you set. Tell me, tell me more with that.
Nick Graham: No, not really.
Nick Graham: I'm not really anywhere with that.
Nick Graham: Currently, so I think like maybe at the time of the goal, like I just needed more connections with people.
Nick Graham: I've kind of there a couple friends that
Nick Graham: You know, we talked about
Nick Graham: Substance use, but I feel like it just turns into like a like a giant like
Nick Graham: I just think that there are more productive things to focus on in that like I'm getting help for that. And I don't think that like maybe I'm wrong. I don't perhaps them around, but
Nick Graham: It's annoying and it's self defeating when I hear people just talk about their sleeves and like, yes, like I get it, I was there, but
Nick Graham: I don't like he's bitching about
Nick Graham: How I want it. I don't know. I think that
Nick Graham: Message. I feel about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thoughts just now.
Nick Graham: But I think if I hear you. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think what you're saying is
Gwenevere Abriel: That when the topic of substance use comes
Up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't like being around it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, one of the reasons why I liked this goal you set for yourself which was connections with people going through the same strain addiction, has to do with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: It has to do with the relief shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're there all by
Gwenevere Abriel: Yourself, being able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Hear that, that your social medicine. That's this right and wireless or wired for connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay, you're okay. Am I still okay you seem okay we're okay. I'm okay, you're okay. We're just constantly going going, going, and what happens in a group setting and you haven't benefited from it in here because of insurance you are missing out on a big piece of this
Gwenevere Abriel: But there it is. So what can happen in group is you hear yourself say
Gwenevere Abriel: I Benji.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you look at people's faces and they go, oh yeah, man. Me too. I use that I've been doing that since I was little, and I feel like it's gotten worse since I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting drugs at now it's like it's taken its place and that compulsivity that that singular focus of automatic. You're not even thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: anymore. You're like this this. It's just you're in a zone, you're just going to get it and you've eaten it and you don't even remember doing it. It's much like you know you're not going to be able to have that social
Gwenevere Abriel: Inner personal experience of of healing shame in or personally
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're just kind of doing it with yourself. That's the Miss down opportunity now that to say
Nick Graham: We're taking
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's not a complete
Loss.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we were going over, but let me just ask you really quick. When you are just now is we're talking about this topic hasn't been activating for you on that level of shame. Are you feeling like, Oh, I can't believe this is my story. Like what's happening for you.
Nick Graham: I like
Nick Graham: I feel, I feel fine. Like, I don't. I guess I don't think I deal with it a lot like through through therapy and through like
Nick Graham: bettering my life. So maybe I don't have that experience a lot of like I'll share it with some people but not a whole lot like I'm not that person whose whole identity is being an addict and
Nick Graham: So let me create a cohesive us me
Nick Graham: So I talked about it a little bit. Not a whole lot. I don't feel a lot of shame, like I just know that's how it is. Like, I know that we all have a story like everyone has fucked up in their life, like maybe in a different way. But that's kind of how I feel about it. I'm fine. Okay.
Nick Graham: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any here is really what I'm getting here. You've been right you've been paying attention to your body. I'm talking about this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: started here with I want to lose weight you got some feedback for me. I have body dysmorphia and slowly. We've been hearing about right. Okay. So all of that you're not going inside yourself and saying that there's something bad or wrong or flawed about you. Right.
Nick Graham: No no no good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um, let's set another time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: What does
Your
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your next week.
Nick Graham: You happen to you.
Nick Graham: Again,
Gwenevere Abriel: I was gonna say, do you happen to have a particular day off right now my seven albums are built right now wait a minute, that's not true. Oh, yeah. No, that's true. No. Yeah, that's true, they're filled right now.
Nick Graham: What do you have on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: On Monday, right now I have open, open, open 8am.
Nick Graham: Yeah, yeah, I can do, I could do 8am on Monday.
Nick Graham: If you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and so
Gwenevere Abriel: Where will you be when you think
Nick Graham: I should be able to be at the office. I'm not entirely certain, but I should be at the office. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Today was really about sort of kind of getting into the tangible the measurable and getting into those things, but I still think it's an important part right to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we got to measure how am I doing, am I making progress. I'm headed in the right direction. And I truly think you are. And thank you for introducing me to stand wise you guys have a great time this morning. Do you need any medication, um,
Nick Graham: So I think I'm good. Yeah, I think I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, let me see, when is your next. What are you actually going to go through
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't even know anymore.
Once a month. Right.
Nick Graham: Yeah, should be coming up. Maybe sometime the first week of March.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, your last group was for
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, next Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next Tuesday. Yeah, so write that down. My, my, forget it. So getting there like 645 650 and I'll put your name.
Gwenevere Abriel: On it will expect you 7am on March 3. Okay. All right. Well, I get to see a couple times next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye bye.